now get this they machined their own
circuit boards
so this is a circuit board for a car
male speaker it has the woofer circuit
right here and the tweeter circuit right
here
the reason that we chose to machine our
own you could get circuit boards done in
a variety of cheaper ways but the
advantage of machining our own is that
we can make absolutely sure that first
of all we get the material that we want
with the thickness that we want we don't
have to rely on a supplier who might use
different raw material every time
the other reason is when you look at
this circuit board you can see that the
engraving with the names of the
components is perfectly lined up with
the holes for the components what we
found when we used to buy the circuit
boards from others is that the
silk-screening that they used to print
the the component names never lined up
properly with the holes and the product
was not as serviceable because of that
it was hard for a person to to look at
the circuit board and actually
understand what's going on we want our
products to always be easy to service so
that in the rare case that something
wrong happens it can be fixed very
quickly